Senior Solutions Architect , ISV
Job ID: 10397982 | Amazon Web Services, Inc.
Description
AWS Global Sales drives adoption of the AWS cloud worldwide, enabling customers of all sizes to innovate and expand in the cloud. Our team empowers every customer to grow by providing tailored service, unmatched technology, and unwavering support. We dive deep to understand each customer's unique challenges, then craft innovative solutions that accelerate their success. This customer-first approach is how we built the world's most adopted cloud. Join us and help us grow.

Are you passionate about helping top software companies accelerate their global innovation journey? Do you want to be at the forefront of Data, Analytics, and Generative AI transformation while supporting one of AWS's key Independent Software Vendor (ISV) partners?
Amazon Web Services (AWS) is seeking a Senior Solutions Architect to join our ISV Team. In this role, you'll work hand in hand with customers to help them make the most of AWS Cloud capabilities to enhance their offerings and drive mutual customer success.
Solutions Architects own the overall technical relationship between customers and AWS. As a trusted advocate, you'll help customers understand best practices around advanced cloud-based solutions and provide strategic guidance on how to optimize their platform on AWS. You will be at the crossroads of business and technology, engaging with customers at all stages of their cloud adoption journey and expansion.
In this role, you will get to practice your creativity, linking technology to tangible solutions and collaborating with customers on the art of the possible. You will have the opportunity to define and design cloud-native reference architectures for data and analytics use cases that support customer's platform. You will also identify patterns and trends that can help accelerate innovation within customer's AWS environment.

Key Responsibilities:

* Own the technical relationship with customers providing technical advocacy as they build and enhance their products on AWS
* Participate in deep architectural and design discussions with customers to create world-class solutions built on AWS
* Work with customers to understand their business needs and provide prescriptive guidance on how to leverage AWS technologies
* Formulate and execute a strategy to drive adoption of AWS services within customer's platform
* Author and contribute to technical publications such as whitepapers and proof of concepts that highlight AWS.
* Build deep relationships with senior technical individuals at our customer to enable them to be cloud advocates
* Capture and share best-practice knowledge amongst the AWS solutions architect community
* Drive successful outcomes for both AWS and customers through technical enablement



Key job responsibilities
* Own the technical relationship with customers providing technical advocacy as they build and enhance their products on AWS
* Participate in deep architectural and design discussions with customers to create world-class solutions built on AWS
* Work with customers to understand their business needs and provide prescriptive guidance on how to leverage AWS technologies
* Formulate and execute a strategy to drive adoption of AWS services within customer's platform
* Author and contribute to technical publications such as whitepapers and proof of concepts that highlight AWS.
* Build deep relationships with senior technical individuals at our customer to enable them to be cloud advocates
* Capture and share best-practice knowledge amongst the AWS solutions architect community
* Drive successful outcomes for both AWS and customers through technical enablement


About the team
Diverse Experiences

AWS values diverse experiences. Even if you do not meet all of the preferred qualifications and skills listed in the job description, we encourage candidates to apply. If your career is just starting, hasn’t followed a traditional path, or includes alternative experiences, don’t let it stop you from applying.

Why AWS?

Amazon Web Services (AWS) is the world’s most comprehensive and broadly adopted cloud platform. We pioneered cloud computing and never stopped innovating — that’s why customers from the most successful startups to Global 500 companies trust our robust suite of products and services to power their businesses.

Inclusive Team Culture

AWS values curiosity and connection. Our employee-led and company-sponsored affinity groups promote inclusion and empower our people to take pride in what makes us unique. Our inclusion events foster stronger, more collaborative teams. Our continual innovation is fueled by the bold ideas, fresh perspectives, and passionate voices our teams bring to everything we do.

Mentorship & Career Growth

We’re continuously raising our performance bar as we strive to become Earth’s Best Employer. That’s why you’ll find endless knowledge-sharing, mentorship and other career-advancing resources here to help you develop into a better-rounded professional.

Work/Life Balance

We value work-life harmony. Achieving success at work should never come at the expense of sacrifices at home, which is why we strive for flexibility as part of our working culture. When we feel supported in the workplace and at home, there’s nothing we can’t achieve.

Basic Qualifications
- 8+ years of specific technology domain areas (e.g. software development, cloud computing, systems engineering, infrastructure, security, networking, data & analytics) experience
- 3+ years of design, implementation, or consulting in applications and infrastructures experience
- 10+ years of IT development or implementation/consulting in the software or Internet industries experience

Preferred Qualifications
- 5+ years of infrastructure architecture, database architecture and networking experience
- Experience working with end user or developer communities

Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of protected veteran status, disability, or other legally protected status.

Our inclusive culture empowers Amazonians to deliver the best results for our customers. If you have a disability and need a workplace accommodation or adjustment during the application and hiring process, including support for the interview or onboarding process, please visit https://amazon.jobs/content/en/how-we-hire/accommodations for more information. If the country/region you’re applying in isn’t listed, please contact your Recruiting Partner.


The base salary range for this position is listed below. Your Amazon package will include sign-on payments and restricted stock units (RSUs). Final compensation will be determined based on factors including experience, qualifications, and location. Amazon also offers comprehensive benefits including health insurance (medical, dental, vision, prescription, Basic Life & AD&D insurance and option for Supplemental life plans, EAP, Mental Health Support, Medical Advice Line, Flexible Spending Accounts, Adoption and Surrogacy Reimbursement coverage), 401(k) matching, paid time off, and parental leave. Learn more about our benefits at https://amazon.jobs/en/benefits.



USA, NY, New York - 169,000.00 - 228,600.00 USD annually
Job details
USA, VA, Arlington
USA, NY, New York
Solutions Architect