Solutions Architect, ISV
Job ID: 10425076 | Amazon Web Services, Inc.
Description
AWS Global Sales drives adoption of the AWS cloud worldwide, enabling customers of all sizes to innovate and expand in the cloud. Our team empowers every customer to grow by providing tailored service, unmatched technology, and unwavering support. We dive deep to understand each customer's unique challenges, then craft innovative solutions that accelerate their success. This customer-first approach is how we built the world's most adopted cloud. Join us and help us grow.
As a trusted customer advocate, the solutions architect will help organizations understand best practices around advanced cloud-based solutions, and how to migrate existing workloads to the cloud. You will have the opportunity to help shape and execute a strategy to build mindshare and broad use of AWS within enterprise customers.
The ability to connect technology with measurable business value is critical to a solutions architect. You should also have a demonstrated ability to think strategically about business, products, and technical challenges.
Here are some other qualities we are looking for: Be great fun to work with - at AWS, we have a credo of “Work hard. Have fun. Make history”. In this role, you will love what you do, and instinctively know how to make work fun. You will be dynamic and creative, and willing to take on any challenge and make a big impact. Enjoy working with large, global customers. You will have a passion for educating, training, designing, and building cloud solutions for a diverse and challenging set off enterprise customers.
Have a good understanding of large scale computing solutions. You will enjoy keeping your existing technical skills honed and developing new ones, so you can make contributions to deep architecture discussions. You will regularly take part in deep-dive education and design exercises to create world-class solutions built on AWS.

Key job responsibilities
* Ensure success in building and migrating applications, software and services on the AWS platform.
* As part of the account management team, formulate and execute a strategy.
* Educate customers of all sizes on the value proposition of AWS, and participate in deep architectural discussions to ensure solutions are designed for successful deployment in the cloud.
* Conduct one-to-few and one-to-many enablement sessions to transfer knowledge to customers considering or already using AWS.
* Capture and share best-practice knowledge amongst the AWS solutions architect community.
* Author or otherwise contribute to AWS customer-facing publications such as whitepapers, blogs, workshops, and others.
* Build deep relationships with senior technical stakeholders within customers to enable them to be cloud advocates.
* Act as a technical liaison between customers, service engineering teams and support.

About the team
Diverse Experiences

AWS values diverse experiences. Even if you do not meet all of the preferred qualifications and skills listed in the job description, we encourage candidates to apply. If your career is just starting, hasn’t followed a traditional path, or includes alternative experiences, don’t let it stop you from applying.

Why AWS?

Amazon Web Services (AWS) is the world’s most comprehensive and broadly adopted cloud platform. We pioneered cloud computing and never stopped innovating — that’s why customers from the most successful startups to Global 500 companies trust our robust suite of products and services to power their businesses.

Inclusive Team Culture

AWS values curiosity and connection. Our employee-led and company-sponsored affinity groups promote inclusion and empower our people to take pride in what makes us unique. Our inclusion events foster stronger, more collaborative teams. Our continual innovation is fueled by the bold ideas, fresh perspectives, and passionate voices our teams bring to everything we do.

Mentorship & Career Growth

We’re continuously raising our performance bar as we strive to become Earth’s Best Employer. That’s why you’ll find endless knowledge-sharing, mentorship and other career-advancing resources here to help you develop into a better-rounded professional.

Work/Life Balance

We value work-life harmony. Achieving success at work should never come at the expense of sacrifices at home, which is why we strive for flexibility as part of our working culture. When we feel supported in the workplace and at home, there’s nothing we can’t achieve.

Basic Qualifications
- 4+ years of specific technology domain areas (e.g. software development, cloud computing, systems engineering, infrastructure, security, networking, data & analytics) experience
- 2+ years of design, implementation, or consulting in applications and infrastructures experience

Preferred Qualifications
- Experience working within software development or Internet-related industries
- Experience migrating or transforming legacy customer solutions to the cloud
- Experience working with AWS technologies from a dev/ops perspective

Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of protected veteran status, disability, or other legally protected status.

Los Angeles County applicants: Job duties for this position include: work safely and cooperatively with other employees, supervisors, and staff; adhere to standards of excellence despite stressful conditions; communicate effectively and respectfully with employees, supervisors, and staff to ensure exceptional customer service; and follow all federal, state, and local laws and Company policies. Criminal history may have a direct, adverse, and negative relationship with some of the material job duties of this position. These include the duties and responsibilities listed above, as well as the abilities to adhere to company policies, exercise sound judgment, effectively manage stress and work safely and respectfully with others, exhibit trustworthiness and professionalism, and safeguard business operations and the Company’s reputation. Pursuant to the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.

Our inclusive culture empowers Amazonians to deliver the best results for our customers. If you have a disability and need a workplace accommodation or adjustment during the application and hiring process, including support for the interview or onboarding process, please visit https://amazon.jobs/content/en/how-we-hire/accommodations for more information. If the country/region you’re applying in isn’t listed, please contact your Recruiting Partner.


The base salary range for this position is listed below. Your Amazon package will include sign-on payments and restricted stock units (RSUs). Final compensation will be determined based on factors including experience, qualifications, and location. Amazon also offers comprehensive benefits including health insurance (medical, dental, vision, prescription, Basic Life & AD&D insurance and option for Supplemental life plans, EAP, Mental Health Support, Medical Advice Line, Flexible Spending Accounts, Adoption and Surrogacy Reimbursement coverage), 401(k) matching, paid time off, and parental leave. Learn more about our benefits at https://amazon.jobs/en/benefits.



USA, CA, East Palo Alto - 151,000.00 - 204,300.00 USD annually
USA, NY, New York - 144,500.00 - 195,400.00 USD annually
USA, TX, Addison - 131,300.00 - 177,600.00 USD annually
USA, TX, Austin - 131,300.00 - 177,600.00 USD annually
Job details
USA, TX, Austin
USA, NY, New York
USA, CA, East Palo Alto
USA, TX, Dallas
Solutions Architect