UX Research Manager, YouTube Shopping
corporate_fare
YouTube
place
Zürich, Switzerland
Minimum qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree or equivalent practical experience.
8 years of experience in an applied research setting, or similar.
3 years of experience leading design projects and managing people or teams.
Experience managing a UXR team in a product environment.
Experience working with data science, marketing and strategy to triangulate behavioral data with user insights.

Preferred qualifications:
Master's degree or PhD in Human-Computer Interaction, Cognitive Science, Statistics, Psychology, Anthropology, or a related field.
7 years of experience working with executive leadership (e.g., Director level and above).
5 years of experience managing projects, and working in a large, matrixed organization.
Excellent executive communication skills, with a proven track record of presenting to and influencing Director and VP-level stakeholders.
About the job
At Google, we "Focus on the user and all else will follow." As a UX Research Manager, you will help define and drive the future of Google design by clarifying strategy and conceptualizing UX ecosystems. You are an expert researcher, a visionary leader, and a fierce advocate for both users and your team.

You will be responsible for guiding the careers of your team members, helping them realize their full potential, and inspiring forward-thinking design. You are an expert in qualitative research methods—such as field studies, interviews, and diary studies—to shape product development and influence overall strategy. In this role, you will understand both the execution and business aspects of our products, collaborating with leaders across UX, Engineering, and Product Management to create innovative experiences, leveraging your passion for brand, craft, and design quality.

At YouTube, we believe that everyone deserves to have a voice, and that the world is a better place when we listen, share, and build community through our stories. We work together to give everyone the power to share their story, explore what they love, and connect with one another in the process. Working at the intersection of cutting-edge technology and boundless creativity, we move at the speed of culture with a shared goal to show people the world. We explore new ideas, solve real problems, and have fun — and we do it all together.
Responsibilities
Manage, coach, and mentor a team of UX Researchers (UXR) working on Creator and Viewer. Foster a collaborative and high-performing team culture. Guide career development, manage resource allocation, and ensure research excellence.
Define and drive the holistic UXR roadmap for YouTube Shopping’s Viewer and Creator experiences, aligning research goals with key business Objectives and Key Results (OKRs).
Lead foundational, and research initiatives in the Creator space. Partner with Product Management, Engineering, and Design leads to influence product strategy, define key user frameworks, and establish user-centered metrics.
Synthesize complex qualitative and quantitative data into compelling, actionable narratives. Present insights and recommendations to executive leadership (Director and VP/GM levels) to drive alignment and decision-making.
