Director, Security Channels (North America)
Colorado, USA, Remote; Illinois, USA, Remote; New York, New York, USA; New York, USA, Remote; San Francisco, California, USA; Texas, USA, Remote

Director, Security Channels - North America 

As the Director of Security Channels you will drive incremental revenue for Datadog by building and scaling a highly capable partner community.  In this role, you will be responsible for managing Sr. Partner Managers & Principal Partner Managers (individual contributors) within your organization who are aligned to specific Security Partner relationships in North America.  Additionally, your team will recruit, develop, and manage new Datadog Security Partners. The role reports into the Sr. Director of Channels & Alliances, North America and works cross functionally with marketing, sales, field enablement, product, sales ops, and legal to build, manage, and scale the Datadog Partner business in the region.

At Datadog, we place value in our office culture - the relationships and collaboration it builds, and the creativity it brings to the table. We operate as a hybrid workplace to ensure our Datadogs can create a work-life harmony that best fits them.

What You’ll Do: 

Hire, develop, and manage a high-performing team by recognizing exceptional talent and coaching them for success in their role
Identify and recruit new companies into the Datadog Partner Network to drive incremental revenue and deliver successful outcomes for end customers
Accelerate existing Datadog Partners’ business through business and technical enablement and successfully executing go-to-market activities
Collaborate closely with Datadog’s regional enterprise and commercial sales organizations as well as regional marketing and customer success teams to drive incremental revenue for the region.
Serve as executive regional sponsor for key partnerships including top GSI channel partners. 
Own regional metrics and reporting to Datadog leadership.
 

Who You Are: 

5+ years of experience in leadership including hiring and developing sales and partner personnel
10+ years of experience in business development, strategic alliances, or channel sales at a cloud services or SaaS organization
Confident in recruiting and building successful partnerships, including with multi-national and global organizations.
Able to quickly understand technical concepts and architectural scenarios, and explain them to others verbally and in writing
Excellent written and verbal communication skills, including interacting with and presenting to senior leadership, externally and internally.
 

Datadog values people from all walks of life. We understand not everyone will meet all the above qualifications on day one. That's okay. If you’re passionate about technology and want to grow your skills, we encourage you to apply.

 

Benefits and Growth: 

High income earning opportunities based on self performance
New hire stock equity (RSU) and employee stock purchase plan (ESPP)
Continuous professional development, product training, and career pathing 
Sales training in MEDDIC and Command of the Message 
Intra-departmental mentor and buddy program for in-house networking 
An inclusive company culture, opportunity to join our Community Guilds
Generous global benefits
 

Benefits and Growth listed above may vary based on the country of your employment and the nature of your employment with Datadog.

Datadog offers a competitive salary and equity package, and may include variable compensation. Actual compensation is based on factors such as the candidate's skills, qualifications, and experience. In addition, Datadog offers a wide range of best in class, comprehensive and inclusive employee benefits for this role including healthcare, dental, parental planning, and mental health benefits, a 401(k) plan and match, paid time off, fitness reimbursements, and a discounted employee stock purchase plan.

The reasonably estimated yearly salary for this role at Datadog is:
$164,000—$240,000 USD
About Datadog: 

Datadog is the leading observability and security platform for the AI era, providing businesses with unified visibility across the technology stack to manage complexity at scale. It brings applications, infrastructure, data, models, and security into one place, using AI to detect and resolve issues before they impact customers. Trusted globally by Fortune 500 companies and high-growth AI leaders, Datadog enables businesses to move faster with clarity and confidence. Learn more about #DatadogLife on Instagram, LinkedIn, and Datadog Learning Center.

Equal Opportunity at Datadog:

Datadog is proud to offer equal employment opportunity to everyone regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity, veteran status, and other characteristics protected by law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. Here are our Candidate Legal Notices for your reference. 

Datadog endeavors to make our Careers Page accessible to all users. If you would like to contact us regarding the accessibility of our website or need assistance completing the application process, please complete this form. This form is for accommodation requests only and cannot be used to inquire about the status of applications. 

Privacy and AI Guidelines:

Any information you submit to Datadog as part of your application will be processed in accordance with Datadog’s Applicant and Candidate Privacy Notice. For information on our AI policy, please visit Interviewing at Datadog AI Guidelines.

Requisition ID: R19394

